{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red67\green67\blue67;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red42\green134\blue192;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c28627\c28627\c28627;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c20000\c60000\c80000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh13940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instructions for downloading Psychtoolbox from http://psychtoolbox.org/download\
Windows\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Filesystem locations given here are examples. You could choose other disc drives or folders of your liking instead:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skip this step and go directly to step 2 if you use Matlab R2014b or later, instead of an older Matlab version or of GNU/Octave.\uc0\u8232 Download and install the Subversion installer\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Windows:
\f1\b0 \cf3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sliksvn.com/en/download"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Subversion 1.7.x command-line client}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Download the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://raw.github.com/Psychtoolbox-3/Psychtoolbox-3/master/Psychtoolbox/DownloadPsychtoolbox.m.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Psychtoolbox installer}}
\f0\b \cf4  to your desktop
\f1\b0 \cf3 .\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You 
\f0\b \cf4 must
\f1\b0 \cf3  install the 64-Bit GStreamer-1.18.5 
\f0\b \cf4 MSVC
\f1\b0 \cf3  runtime or later versions from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/data/pkg/windows/1.18.5/msvc/gstreamer-1.0-msvc-x86_64-1.18.5.msi"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 gstreamer.freedesktop.org}} even if you do not need multi-media support! Do 
\f0\b \cf4 not
\f1\b0 \cf3  install the MINGW variant, it will not work, but likely crash! Make absolutely sure that you install all offered packages. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://psychtoolbox.org/docs/GStreamer"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Read 
\f3 help GStreamer
\f1  carefully for this purpose, 
\f4\i before downloading and installing GStreamer
\f1\i0 .}}\uc0\u8232 If you intend to use Octave, you will need to delete the following DLL files from the C:\\Program Files\\GNU Octave\\Octave-6.4.0\\mingw64\\bin\\ folder: opengl32.dll \'96 Otherwise hardware accelerated visual stimulation will not work.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Psychtoolbox-3/Psychtoolbox-3/raw/master/Psychtoolbox/PsychContributed/vcredist_x64_2015-2019.exe"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You may also need to install the Microsoft Runtime Libraries for MSVC 2015-2019 if you use Matlab instead of Octave. For a few use cases you may even need those if you use Octave. You can find installers for these at Microsoft\'92s site beforehand. Otherwise when our installer aborted half-ways, follow the instructions it prints to the console. Or simply click this link to get a copy bundled with Psychtoolbox}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open Matlab as administrative user (for Windows 7 and later, right-click the Matlab shortcut and \'93Run As Administrator\'94) and type the following in the command window, assuming you want Psychtoolbox to be installed inside the C:\\toolbox folder:\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f3 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
>> cd('into the folder where you downloaded DownloadPsychtoolbox.m to').\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
>> DownloadPsychtoolbox('C:\\toolbox')
\f1 \cf3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 The second command will take a bit of time (a few minutes in some cases) and may generate a lot of output. Please be patient (and make sure your computer is not going to go onto standby while installing). You may get the command line reappear before the installation is finished - so don\'92t assume the command line reappearing means that installation has hung. The installer will tell you when it is finished.\
\
GStreamer download \'97 needed for Screen() function \
https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/download/}